hey it's Mardi Gras it's also Shrove
Tuesday and you might think that those
two things really don't quite go
together with each other we're almost to
the solemn season of Lent and we're at
the end of the Epiphany season which has
traditionally become a day for kind of
blowing it all out on the assumption
that the beginning of Lent will involve
some self-denial so what are your plans
do you have some personal way of
observing a day of feasting to go with a
day of fasting Jesus actually put his
stamp of approval on both and you can be
a good Christian and do both it's good
to have some self-denial during Lent
it's good to have some reminders
something you are depriving yourself of
in order to help your concentration with
things that really matter but I'll tell
you what living the Christian life as
Jesus himself showed us and demonstrated
with his disciples there is also a time
for celebration a time for enjoying each
other and a time for feasting as well as
long as you can do it within his limits
without the excesses and drunkenness
that unfortunately have become
synonymous with Mardi Gras Shrove
Tuesday is a day a name that comes from
the word shriven which means to be
forgiven and on the tuesday that is
usually called by most of the world
mardi gras fat tuesday a time for
feasting let's remember what it costs
for us to be able to enjoy this feast
with a clear conscience no guilt and the
anticipation of life everlasting and I
hope that if you do set aside time for
some Shrove Tuesday or Mardi Gras
feasting that you will also set aside
some time and some self-discipline
during the Lenten season in order to
keep your mind on the Lord Jesus who
gives you forgiveness and immortality
happy Mardi Gras
you